SET DESIGNER'S NOTE

Honestly speaking I was

not supposed to be directly
associated with this production
rather I was helping the

This is a workshop

production evolved by the
students in the particular 'given

students. Then slowly I became
directly involved with this

space' in the School where this
production is to be staged.
Here we have used this space

production.

exclusively for the production as

So far as design is
concerned we are not sticking
to the text, the military

well as intimate seating
arrangement for the audiences.
We are not in favour of
narrative or elaborate design

encarnprnents of 17th century,

but only 'Visual Scheme of

tenting, wooden posts lashed
together with ropes, permanent
frame work of huge screens,
coloured projection on

expression' which is inherent.
And of course predominant
object or character is Mother
Courage's 'cartâ€™. During the
thirty years war Mother
Courage's tribulations have
taught her nothing. Cart is a
silent wintess of Courage's flaw.

cyclorarna, various countries

name on the stage and
revolving stage used for

conveying the travel of Mother
Courage.

Bapi Bose

