Mridangam: Bhaskar Rao
Chenda 8: Edakka: Unnikrishnan

Tanpura & Gong: Vishalaxi

Raja 8: Radha Reddy
Shri Raja Reddy was born
in 1944 in Narsapur and
Shrirnati Radha Reddy in
1952 in Kotalgaon, Andhra
Pradesh. They have been
dancing together for the
past two decades and have
come to be regarded
among the foremost
exponents of Kuchipudi
dance.
Both Shri Raja Reddy
and Shrimati Radha Reddy
are disciples of Guru
Vedantam Prahlada Sarma.
They were trained at Sri
Siddhendra Kalakshetram
in Kuchipudi village and at
Kalakshetrarn, Eluru.

Brieï¬‚y, Shrimati Radha
Reddy learnt Odissi from
Shri Mayadhar Raut and
Shri Raja Reddy learnt
Kathak at the Music
College, Hyderabad. The
couple have also studied
at the Natya Institute of
Choreography, Delhi.
Shri Raja Reddy and
Shrimati Radha Reddy
have made a distinctive
contribution to the
enrichment of Kuchipudi
dance. They have
developed excellent solo
presentations based on the
traditional technique and
repertoire of Kuchipudi
dance-dramas. In their
duet performances, they
have displayed mastery
over Kuchipudi technique
and the dramatic sensibility
proper to the art. They
have also been teaching
Kuchipudi at their
institution, Natya

Tarangam, in Delhi. Shri
Raja Reddy and Shrirnati
Radha Reddy were
honoured by the
Government of Andhra
Pradesh in 1983. They
received the Padma Shri in

1984 and the Award of
Sahitya Kala Parishad,
Delhi, in 1988.

Shri Raja Reddy and
Shrirnati Radha Reddy
received the Sangeet Natak
Akademi Award for their

contribution to Kuchipudi
in 1991.

