thésﬂmrfrmn rMOM/m
’T H E M EMORY
OF WATER’

’T H E P R I N C E
& TH E
PA U P E R’

An exploration of the
relationship of the
stories of aunt and

Three sisters meet on

Mark Tvvain’s immortal

the eve of their
mother’s funeral. As the

classic of two boys
who exchange their

niece Noor Jahan and

conflicts of the past

Mumtaz Mahal in a

coverage, everyday
lies and tensions reveal

lives for a day. The
script
has
been

’ N O O R .’

word of men and
power, ambition and

greed. The entire story
is seen through the
eyes of a hijra at the
Mughal Court.
What were the key
roles women played in
the Mughal empire?
What were the real
ways in which society
was
changing,
challenged as it was by
the pull of commerce
and the arrival of the
European? How did

the particulars patters
and strains of family
relationships.
’Combines a flair for
witty dialogue with a
relish for the dynamics
of
theatre ........
Stephenson, a mistress
of comic anguish, is
clearly a real find’
Guardian.

adapted

into

Hindustani and is set in

Akbar’s period and will
be performed by the
Little Actors Club. With

’T H E SNOW
Qu EEN'
Ron Nicol’s delightful
script of the famous
fairy tale by Hans
Christian Andersen in
which Gerda goes in
search of Kay, who has
been swept away by
the

Snow

Queen.

Showsin December at
India Habitat Centre.

characters like Tansen

and Birbal, can music
and humour be far
behind?

Shah Jahan react to his

father’s
dissolute
lifestyle? Noor, a story
of Mughal India - or of
today?

r--. ..-.._.__. 2.--... . नं

L "रहैंम्यांदृ'गृ "३३५३४ ८३ 8३३३

""""३ध्द7द्ध"…३7स्थाड्ड'३

