THURSDAY 28 M A R C H
WRITTEN & DIRECTED BY

V. Arumugham
P RO D U C E D BY

Thalai-k-Kol,

Pondicherry

About the Play
This is the story of man’s
struggle for existence
expressed in the symbolic
language of images.

harmony for the survival of
humankind. This is also the
teaching of every religion
and philosophy.

A drowning man survives

finding himself on a piece
of land. As one more man
joins him a sense of fear
and insecurity makes them
both covetous and jealous.
The arrival of a third man
adds fuel to the fire.
After going through
various experiences they
all realize the importance
of coexistence. A fourth
man — who appears from
the open sky — provides
another dimension to the
drama, underlining the
significance of peace and

Director’s Note
The play is about space,
human existence in space,
man’s failure to coexist and
his final reckoning. The
play is produced in a
stylistic manner as the
theme demands such
treatment. The postures of
demons and warriors in
temple sculpture have
influenced the movements.
Effort has been made to
use the actor’s body to the
fullest extent possible.

