MUSIC COMPOSERS NOTE

Composing music for

palys often means setting
tunes to lyrics or songs written

for the play. The lyrics/ text
is expected to contain
dramatic elements. These are
enhanced further by the
appropriate tune. We have a
rich hertitage of classical and
folk music. Naturally music
directors draw their
inspiration from these sources.

A period play or a play in
folk form is therefore
relatively easy to handle.
MAHASHANTI was a
totally different propostion.
There are no songs in this
play. This is not in folk form.
No classical music here. It
demands a completely new
approach, a different

response. The music demands
several new elements. I have
experimented with new
tirnbres, new tone colours here.

in combination with these
new sounds of pipes, snake
charrner's flute or improvised
horns.
Layers of sound are
created in some places, piled
one upon another to give a
feeling of excavation. a
journey towards an ancient but
universal problem and its
solution is signified by these
piled sounds.
The inner contradictions
and the dialectics of the play
it is hoped, are reﬂected in
the music. The music often
comments on and reacts with
the play.
Although the story of the
play is Chinese in origin
there is no attempt to use
"Chinese music". The genre of
this music score could be
regarded as universal almost
like the import of the play.
It may vaguely suggest Asian

There are tubular bells,

or oriental colour, but has no

bamboo phones, gongs and
bells of various shapes and
produce overtones through
vowel-singing, wooden blocks.

classical nationality. The
orchestra consists of nine
performers who play twenty
musical insturments and use
their voices to create several

Traditional instruments such

effects.

sizes, human voices that

as ﬂute, violin, tabla are used

Bhaskar Chandavarker

