At last a Chyawanpeash that even makes

Your क्या Slt up

Enriched with

Makardhwaj

‘Makardhwaj‘ has the effect of
relieving mental tiredness and
rclaxrng the nerves.

Now Baidyanath Specral
Chyawan rash gives you what
no other hyawanprash can.
Physical ability plus mental
agility adding up to peak
performance
At all times. Because that ‘s
what today‘s competitive
environment demands from

‘Makardhwaj’, when added

to ﬁfty one ofthe choicest
Ayurvedic ingredients, makes
for a Chyawanprash that's way
ahead of the others. Which in
turn ensures that so are you.

you ,

Buy Baidyanath Special

Baidyanath Special Chyawanprash
contains ‘Makardhwaj‘. an
Ayurvedic in redient that has
proven its 6 cacy through
centuries. Regular use 0

. ३e

For mind and body ﬁtness

Chyawanprash today. For total
mind and body fitness. Because
surely when you are at your
best . there‘s nobody quite like
you .

