_

To Lev "I‘olsoi
February 14 or 15 (26 or 27), 1900

I believe profoundly that there is
nothing on earth better than man, and I
even say-twisting Democritus' sentence to
suit my own ends - that only . man really

Nizhni - Novgorod

exists, all the rest being merely _opinion.

Gorky’s letter to Iolswl

Thank you, Lev Nikolayevich, for your
portrait and your kind and gracious words

I have always been, and will always be a
Man-worshipper, only I am incapable of
expressing this properly.

about me. (Lev 'I'olstoi wrote to Gorky on
Feb.9, 1900 “I have liked your writings

but I have found you better than your
writings”.) I do not lmow whether I am
better than my boolm, but i do know that
any writer must be better and stand higher
than what he writes. After all, what is a
book 7 Even a great book is only a dead
and dark shade of words and a hint at the
truth, while man is a receptacle of the
living god, and I understand God as an

I would love to see you again and I feel
grieved that I cannot do so right now. My

cough is worse, my head aches but I am
working at full pressure-writing a book

about such that are wise in their cunning,
people I do not like. These are the basest
brand of people, I think. Well, to avoid
tiring you I shall close my letter. My
humble respects as I shake your hand. My
regards to your family.

indomitable striving towards perfection,
truth and justice. That is why even a bad

I wish you the best of health.

man is better than a good book Don't you
think so?

A. Peshkov

VH I S H H LI H E ST HU H H N T
Volga Complex, Near Shanker Cinema. Canal Road, Jammu

Visit for :

INDIAN & CHINESE Fooo SNACKS, PITZZAS, BURGERS, KASHMIRI KABAB
Special Arrangements for :

PARTIES & Klrrv PARTIES

स्ति

