specialisation in Stage-Craft;
received two awards for Best All
Rounder and Best Stage-Craft
Student; associated with
professional theatre in Bombay
and Baroda as actor, director and

designer. A practising actor of
stage and film.

T. L. SHARMA
Stage Technologist

DR. ANURADHA KAPUR
Associate Professor of Western,

Teacher of model making and set

Drama

construction for more than

M A and Ph D in Theatre,
University of Leeds, England; M A
in English Literature from Delhi
University. Has taught, acted and
directed in India and in England.

eighteen years; construction of
NSDâ€™s Open Air Theatre at Lytton
Road; display of several
exhibitions; construction of "

Purana Quila theatre; furnishing

Has written on theatre, and her

of Rabindra Bhawan Studio

book on the Ramnagar Rarnlila is

Theatre and Auditorium;

ROBIN DAS

manufacturing and designing of

Lecturer in Scenic Design

Portable Theatre exhibition for
display in Munich and other
countries.

in press.
Graduation in Economics;

Diploma in Dramatics with
Stage-Craft as specialisation;
associated with Punjab Drama
Repertory Company as designer,

worked with eminent directors as
free-lance designer; designed and
directed number of plays and has
been associated with Lighting,
Costume Design, Make-up, etc.

SUDHIR B. KULKARNI
Lecturer in Make-Up
B A from Punjab University,

Diploma in Dramatics with

AMARJIT SHARMA
Workshop Instructor
Expert in Carpentry and
Model-making .

