MONDAY 9 DECEMBER: TATA THEATRE, NCPA

Ghumayee (Dogri)
Play, Design 81 Direction: BALWANT THAKUR
Natrang, Jammu
About the Play

The bride leaves for her new home in a
carriage after her marriage. As the journey
begins, the bride is thirsty and asks for
water. Her desire is laughed away by the
bridegroom. Her thirst becomes unbearable.
A frantic search for water begins, but the
source is sighted deep down, a place
impossible to reach. A young man
volunteers for the task. Passing through
great peril, he succeeds in his mission but
dies. The bride refuses to go with the
groom and declares herself a widow.
Director ’5 Note
This play is based on the popular Dogri folk
tale Laare Laari da Dim/e (a hillock of bride

and groom) of the Jammu hills. Ghumayee
is a singing tradition of Dogras and is sung
by the bride when she leaves her parents
after marriage. In this emotional song, the
bride acknowledges her gratitude to all her
relations at the time of parting.
The protest in the story (expressed not
only in the folk tale but also in the folk
sculptures in the freshwater springs of
Duggar land), inspired me to take up this
theme. The production emerged in a
workshop; the script, music and dramatic
action evolved during experiments at
rehearsals. I have used the Pahari music of
Duggar land to enhance the impact of this
play.
About the Group
Established in 1983, Natrang is the first
full-time theatre group in the state of
Jammu 81 Kashmir. It has its own,
repertory, library and resource centre. The

group has produced 74 plays, having
performed 815 shows in various parts of
the country, including performances 70
major theatre festivals. In 1992 Natrang
started a children’s wing which conducts
workshops and training programmes for
students and teachers. Natrang is engaged
in projects like Theatre for Mass
Motivation. It is presently working for the

