DIRECTOR'S NOTE

Stage presentation of 'Apne
Apne Ajnabi' has been a
different and a new kind of
experience for me in relation to
the staging of short stories and
novels. Novel itself is so
complicated and intense in i ts
theme and form which has
inspired me to discover a
presentation style different
from my own work till today. I
had been doing my work
through a kind of stylizati on
but this time I got a chance to
discover my path through a
subtle realistic style. While
reading the novel with the
members of Repertory Company

narative portions have been
converted into first person from
third person. Same process has
been followed in the sequences
of Selma and Iagannathan in
the later half. That is why now
all the descriptive portions
have become an integral part of
acting style explored in the
diologue sequences rather than
appearing a separate note of
emphasis.

again and again, we reached

confront death, loneliness and

this conclusion that

strangers in their own way and
pass through the precess of self
identification. "There is no
freedom to choose" - this is the
basic premise against which
Jokke keeps on fighting and
finally chooses death as her

confrontation with death,

loneliness and strangers is such
an abstract theme which should
he explored in an acting style,
very near to our day-to—day
life, so that it may be
communicated to the audience in
a simpler way.

Present, past and future—

theme of the novel passes
through these three times and
lives as if through a total time

in which these five characters

own wish.

has been written from Jokke's

Novel is before you in its
stage presentation. All the
actors have equally
participated in this process. I
am also grateful to Smt. lla
Dalmia who was constantly
present during rehearsals and
gave her valuable opinions and
suggestions on each aspect of the

point of view, therefore, all the

production .

That is why, the novel,

while retaining the original
text, has gone into several
changes. It will be more
appropriate to say that it has
converted itself into a new stage
script. First half of the novel

