Open Mic — Live Stud
Up Comedy "३
"
You thinkyou can crack
jokes and make people
laugh impromptu? You
thinkyou can just walk in

and take the microphone
and start making people
rollon the floor laughing.
So here you chance to
prove yourself. As an
audience member you
can come and watch new
talent take it’s ﬁrst steps
into the spotlight, you'll
see some comedy gold
and you'll see some tragic
attempts of the kind that
you can never unhear. The
duration of theslot isfour
minutes. Your content

must be in English only.
and be prepared with
another minute if you

are successful in reaching
the showdown. “Every
participants needs to
bring at least two people
to cheer them asthe
lowder the cheer isthe
higher you score on laugho-meter louder.

क्या Today,8.30 pm
८ क्या 0890, Lower
Parel
‘ CALL: 8080677708 to
confirm your registration

with a valid booking/
transaction Id

