D l R E CTO R’S N OTE

As a director l have always tried to portray the
socio-political scenario of the society, the section
of the society which we don’t want to highlight.
Having dealt with many such social problems in a
number of original works as well as in adaptations
of the works of some of the greatest writers such
as Arnold Wesker, Henrick lbsen, Bertolt Brecht,
Saadat Hasan Manto, Mahasweta Devi, the time

now l believe is suitable to work on the greatest
Indian literary genius, Rabi ndranath Tagore. A
person who applied his mind to the Indian social
problems of his time and when these took the
shape of literature, his magic touch at once
enabled him to move out from the circumference
to the centre seizing the entire context in terms of

universality.
From a very early stage of my career l have been
closely in touch with Tagore’s works and have
worked in productions such as ...... VlSARjAN.
Rabindranath Tagore — a name synonymous with
Bengali culture have always been a source of
inspiration for me.The philosophical depth and
emotional attachment with humanity which
characterizes his works have greatly inﬂuenced me
and my works. Having decided to work on Tagore l
could not but select

