A BO UT T H E PLAY:

,' बैरे ‘

. तिहुँहैं
g

Based on a story from a Buddhist text,
Tagore's Chandalika bespeaks the anguish
of a girl, Prakriti whose consequences of
birth compels her to live on the edges of
society as “Chandalika” — an untouchable.
She watches wistfully from the shadow as
the world passes her by denying her
existence until one day arrives a Buddhist
monk, Ananda asking for “water". Prakriti
at once shrinks and makes her identity
known. But the monk brushes aside her
hesitation with a simple statement that
God made every human being equal and
therefore her origin was inconsequential
and proceeds to quench his thirst with the
water offered by Prakriti.The monk's extra
ordinarily radical request and acceptance
of water awakens Prakriti’s awareness of
her own innate self.
This young girl , who had been denied her
very existence by the society at large now
falls desperately in love with the one
person who recognizes her as human
being above all things. She pleads her
mother , a woman with extraordinary
magical powers to cast a spell over Ananda
so that he is forced to return.

