A graduate of National School of Drama in the year
1979, has contributed to the Chiaroscuro of various
performances in the last two decades. Apart from the
numerous workshops in all over the country he has
taught light design also in National School of Drama
and Bhartendu Natya Akaderni. His design for the
productions like: Hamlet, Sea-Gull, Wild Duck, Round
Head-Peak Head, Macro Million, Ashad Ka Ek Din,
Einstein and Evanov are some of the major examples
of his excellence. He has also designed light for
important productions of almost all outstanding
directors of Delhi and other places. One of his most
important work is the design of the Light Mannequins
for Rangyatra-the exhibition on the visual history of
N.S.D. His design works for the festival of SAARC
countries, Merce Cunnigham ballet and Korean
National Circus gave him a world-wide reputation. On
various occassions he has travelled to different
corners of the globeas Nepal, USA, Canada, Japan,
Germany, Mauritius, China and Thailand. His indepth knowledge of Theatre technology has provided
the ample use of modern techniques in the lighting
hoistening system of NS. D. Auditorium Abhirnanch.

