LAUGHTER THERAPY:
CLASS ACT 2
‘f

."
५ i‘

WHAT: AfterThe Class A
in which a Hindu, Muslim,
Christian and Pars‘ee, attend

an acting class for dummies
- in the sequel to The Class
Act called Laughter Therapy,
the same characters walk
into the therapy session of
Dr. Bombay‘s clinic to help‘
cope with various mental
issues in their lives.The
result is total chaos This
time, we get a glimpse of
the four religions in their
domestic environment as
we go into the characters'
/horr'1es and witness their

relationships with various
people in their lives.
TICKETS: Membersst 270
onwards; Public: Rs 360
onwards.

’
WHEN: Sept 26 for
Members; Sept 29 for Public
WHERE: Tata Theatre, NCPA,f
Nariman Point, M umbai आम

