A NOTE FROM THE
DIRECTOR

to originate from theroots of the
Indian Theatre. Later came the

joint venture with Vijaya Mehta in
l973—C.T. Khanolkar’s adaptation

३

of Brecht’s Caucasian Chalk Circle
Such adaptationsare a search into
valid artistic methods of conveying
the play’s social message under

1
८
I

widely varying historical, cultural,

ethnic and other conditions, giving
an insight intonew dimension of the
play which are unveiled during

l

these experiments. NSD’s recent
training programme production
Brecht—on—Trial and the Repertory

Company’s Chopra Kamaal—Naukar.
Jamaal intend to offer a wider
perspective of the processes of
integration, assimilation and
transformation of the social attitudes

of the original scripts into the
Indian context. The merit of Anil
Choudhury’s rendering of the play

is proved by the fact that Chopra
Kamaal—Naukar Jamaal has

become a distinguished Indian
play with genuine Indian characters
with remarkably few alterations of
the original Brecht —play. More
changes would have meant less

To accept the Repertory Company’s
invitation to participate in the
venture of adapting Bertolt Brecht’s
Mr. Puntila and his Man Matti is, to

me, another exciting and daring
challenge in the chain of inspiring
eXperiments realised and enjoyed

impact. This Indian adaptation isn’t
just a close-to-the-surface fake held
up by Indian clothes and names, it
is a notable trial and proof of the

dialectic relationship of the basic
social contradictions and conﬂicts
which are universal and adaptable.

As for the presentation, it is a
balance between the actors’ skill
with my Indian friends in both our
and responsibility which replace the
countries since 10 years.
dullness of a naturalistic ethnic
NSD’s production of The Three-penny show, gaining the enlightening and
Opera, which I directed in 1970,
therefore heartening entertainment
was the beginning. It was valid as
of a great realistic comedy.
a training in Brecht’s method and
concept of theatre, but it was yet

Fritz Bennewitz

हुँ
I

दु

