KALAMANDALAM
GANGADHARAN
Shri Sankara Pillai
Gangadharan was born in
1936 at Velinalloor in Kerala.
He received his initial training
in Kathakali from
Kalamandalam Sivaraman Nair

and later joined the Kerala
Kalamandalam at

Cheruthuruthy. Here he
specialized in the Kalluvazhi
Chitta and Kaplingadan Chitta
under Kalamandalam
Neelakantan Nambeesan. He
studied Kathakali music under

Kadakkavoor Velukutty
Bhagavarhar, and is known

today as the leading vocalist
and teacher in this field.

Shri Gangadharan joined the
teaching faculty of Kerala
Kalamandalam as a Lecturer in
1961. He later served as the
Professor and Head of
Department of Kathakali
music and finally as Viceâ€”

Principal of the institution.
He has gained wide respect as
a teacher and trained a large
number of professional
Kathakali singers. He also
travelled extensively during
these years, conducting
workshops and attending
seminars in India and other
countries including Japan,
America, Indonesia, Fiji, and
Ch ina.

For his dedicated service to

Kathakali, Shri Gangadharan
has been honoured with a

Fellowship from Kerala
Kalamandalam. He is also a

recipient of the
Guruvayurappan Award, the
Kerala Kalamandalam Award,

and the Kerala Sangeetha
Nataka Akademi Award.

21

