Nom i nees

Tee ka m J 05 h i
Best Actor in a Supporting Role

Happy Ranajit

Teekam Joshi graduated from Bhopal, and
completed his specialized course in acting
from the NSD in 2001. He got involved in
theatre at a young age and was trained
under Bani Kaul. Joshi has worked with
groups like Bharat Bhawan Rangmandal,
Little Ballet Troupe, Rangbidhushak. He
artist and worked with various directors
such as Mohan Maharshi, Ram Gopal Bajaj,

Happy Ranajit is a graduate from National
School of Drama. He has acted in more than
100 plays with many eminent Directors. He
has received numerous theatre awards in
India and abroad including the Best Actor
award at the Mahindra Theatre Awards in
2010 for his performance in RoopAroop. As
an actor in the play Zangoora with Kingdom
of dreams, had done 1000 shows of it.
Apart from acting he also conducts acting

Prasanna, Bhanu Bharati, Waman Kendre,

workshops, writes and has directs. He has

Tripurari Sharma, MK. Raina and Chetan
Datar. He received critical acclaim for his

directed 15 plays and written 7 plays.

joined the NSD Repertory Company as an

Best Director, Best Original Script

performance in Einstein, Jane/nan, Uttar
Ram Chaitam, Ram Nam Satya Hai,

Andhayug and Tug/aq.
He has received the Bishmillah Khan Yuva
Puraskar for acting by Sangeet Natak
Aka dem i for the yea r 2008-2009.

61

