'Qaid-E-Hayat' is Surendra
Verma's new play; but

one had the limitation of
language. In this context we

perhaps it was written first.

Surendra on his own was not
ready to part with the script,
he has been thinking for the
past ten-fifteen years to
rewrite it. He parted with
the script on my insistence; for
this I am grateful. This was
the original name of the play,
Surendra wanted to call it
only 'Qaid', but we found
'Qaid—E-Hayat' more apt,

that is why this name is only
for the production.
This play is not a historical
manifesto of Mirza Chalib’s
life, but through him one has
attempted to understand the
manifold tensions of a
contemporary pioneer, in the
process of a creative
experiences when he tries to
break the set norms, within

his colleagues, the society,
the family and within him.
In the presentation

are specially grateful to Sh ri
Shamsul l slam and Dr.
Aslarn Parvez who have

helped us.
Shri Bhaskar Chandavarkar
has given us valuable
suggestions regarding music
composition, for this one is

grateful to him too. Besides
this how much we are able to

achieve this, we will know it
only on the stage, yes,
attempt is to do without
outword theatricality, and

the characters should enter
their inner world, and sketch

the movements of thought and

emotional turning points. For
this one needed a long
rehearsal process which even
we do not have. From time to
time the main actors have
given their suggestions. I am
grateful for their help also.
— RC. . B.

