Hunnﬁlbkhthkhnye
Written by Bodhayan;
directed by Nadira Zaheer
Babbar, cast: Hanif Patni,
Ankur Parekh, Sangam
Shukla, Mithilesh Maihar,
Riya Deepsi, Raj Yadav
and others. This play is
abouttheéﬂuu:$ht#no
relationship. A well-leamed
and disciplined Guru
Acharya is eagerto impart
his gyan (knowledge) to
msdhdpuneShanwho,
but the mischievous and
careless Shandilya is
interested in everything in
the world but knowledge
andthedghtvabesof
life! Thedrama in the play
escalates with the arrival
of the Ganika (courtesan).
Adding to the chaos is
Yumdoot,Yumraaj’s
messenger,who mistakenly
snatches away the
counesanssoulThegun
andthecoudesanSsouE
are’swapped and what
follows is a laugh riot!

Will: Tonight,6 pm
VIII“:Prithvi Theatre,
Juhu

/

