है ८ ल्यग़ठ or m

It is india that gave man

an absolute value.

the ingenious method of
counting all numbers by ten

These numbers were in
common use in india in
Ashoka's time (273»232
8.0). It was to be a
thousand years later that
Muhammad lbn Musa
al-Khawarazmi introduced
them to Baghdad, from
where they found their way
to Europe.
Lending mathematical
computations ease and
simplicity. these symbols
made possible the
calculation of what before
was incalculabie.

symbols and freed him from
the bondage of counting or.
his ﬁngers.
Among these symbols the
most modest, yet the most

valuable of India's subtle
gifts to mankind was the

zero.
Derived from the square

shape of the Yagnakunda
used in worship. each of
these symbols was given a
value of position as well as

Over the ages man's
methods of solving
mathematical problems
have been growing to meet

his complex needs. Today

investaria-is .
ingenious devices enable
him to make intricate
calculations in billionths of
a second. Making it possible

for him to attack problems
in ways never possible
before.
_ .V ]

With computers. …

८

We are proud that IBM
introduced the
manufacturing of computers
and other data processing
equipment in India, which
are helping the nation meet

the challenge of building a
new tomorrow.

I
l

mm.» mm VIM. Comer-"en {interpeva to m a...“

How india gave the warlri श्या at its most use

