\X/e stop at nothing,
to ensure
nothing stops

messengers ० V productivity
corresponding growth in

vital inputs—like
fertilizers. Indian

.._

' '

Explosives Limited is
firmly committed to this
national cause—through a
Steady, assured supply of
'Chand Chhap' urea.

And, lEL‘s contribution to
the needs of agriculture
doesn't stop with the
manufacture of urea. For
over a decade, IEL has

been promoting modern
Scientific agriculture by

:. I E LI 1 1 0 4 7 8I I 1

communicating with the
farmers as a friend.
Helping them to reap
richer harvests.

'NDIAN EXPLOSIVES UMITED
Fertilizer Divrsion
23. Kasturba Gandhi Marg
New Delhi 110 001

WE LC0 MG R O U P’s R ese rvacom-ll

From north to south, to western shore—

justcall and we shall serve.
RESERVACOM-II
The instant Reservation
Servrcc of Welwmgtoup

Call any of these‘numbers,
for a reservation at any
Welcomgroup hotel.

Calcutta
Bombay
Delhi

249566
220923
674366, 374127

Madras

89460

Or call any Welcomgroup hotel.

W
a.
—_
.._-

WE LC0 MG RO U
Palaces,hotels,resorts,indovilles,motels

Nobody givesyou Indialike we do.

mom

