RAJ AST HA N
BanshilaI
Khiladi 8
Party,
Jodhpur

Khyal is a popular folk drama from
Rajasthan. It is a predominantly
operatic from where narration and
prose dialogues are interspersed
with music and dance. In these
lengthy plays, the major events of
the theme move with quick
sequences in which comical
situations play an important role.
The accompanying musical
instruments are Nagara, Dholak,
Harrnoniurn and sometimes
Shehnai
Jagdev Kankali is one of the most
popular plays in this style. Jagdev,
the exiled king of Dhara Nagari,
seeks employment in the Kannauj
court on the strength of his
gallantry. He is to guard a palace
haunted by Kankaliâ€™s son. Jagdev
defeats him and returns to Dhara
Nagari as heir to the throne.

