grown out of process set into

motion nine years ago,with the

broad objective of supporting
and sustaining the creative

efforts and energies of young
enterpris—ing theatre workers
with a view

to helping the

श्यात्कास्थास्थाह्मा स्तास्थाड्डाप्याक्तिश्या

an

.. ५

risks-makes it expedien

है, ' '

this potential and fruitful
activity should receive sustenance on a continuing basis.

The

present

South

Zone

experimental segment of the
Theatre

Festival

is

the

sought to be achieved by
encouraging young directors

to take up experimental pro-

ductions which seek inspi-

ration in the traditional/ folk
theatre forms,

and

thus

स्थास्थाह्मा

theatre activities. This was
outcome of the Akademi's ‘
programme

"Scheme

for

Assistance to Young Theatre

Workers." The programme is

operated on the basis of Statewise divisions of the country
into four zones. Competent

through a process of artistic

and experienced individual

with

modern sensibilities help
contemporary theatre assimi-

late the heritage of the past.

There is ample evidence to

indicate the existence of such
theatre activity involving
serious effort by many theatre
workers, both established and

not so established. But the

lack

however, of adequate

resources to support such

mm...“ ems—a. ५क्षश्याक्ष्यधादृश्याध्याच्चीक्तिह्मास्सा

cross-fertilisation

theatre directors and their
groups are identified and

those selected are offered
substantial

financial

assistance to cover the cost of
the production. The south zone
theatre

festional

(Natya

Samaroh) is being organised
in close co-operation with
Depart-ment ofCulture, Govt.
o f An d h ra Pr a d e sh .

