THE DIRECTOR (Contd.)

He returned to India in 1979 to
head the Department of Drama,
Punjab University, Chandigarh.
In 1984, he became Director of

and Kafka’s The Trial are some of
his known productions of
foreign playwrights.
Mohan Maharishi has toured extensively abroad to see theatre

National School of Drama. He
worked as the head of NSD until

and participate in seminars and

August 1986 when he resigned.

discussions as an Indian

In his 25 year’s career as director,

delegate. He has personally met

actor, designer and writer,
Mohan Maharishi has created
several important works.
Notable amongst them were his
Hindi productions of regional Indian playwrights like Adya Rangacharya, Badal Sir'car, Girish

and had discussions with world
renowned theatre figures like
Helene Weigel, Peter Brook,

Heiner Miller and Peter Stein.
Mohan Maharishi created history
of sorts by bringing to India a
Hindi Play, Andhayug, from

Karnad, Mohan Rakesh and Dr.

abroad. In 1981 he took a Punjabi

Dharmavir Bharati.

play, Rani Iindan, to United States

Jean-Paul Sartre’s Men Without
Shadows, Anouilh’s Antigone, Bertolt Brecht’s The Mother, Bernard

and Canada.

Shaw’s Pygmalion, Durrenmatt’s
The Visit, Moliere’s The Miser,

Mohan Maharishi, is currently
working as a freelance actor,

teacher, director in films,
television and theatre.

