- Thé … Group.
ACT-ONE, which came into existence in 1988. is a
collage of theatre activists. People from various
professional backgrounds -painters, musicians, actors,
film-makers, writers etc... who believe in theatre as a

movement, a process, an experiment, came under one
umbrella to pursue theatre. This unique blend is now
working towards only one goal. “To provide the necessary
boost to this movement, and to be part of it, all the way”.

Act-One firmly believes that humility and sincerity
coupled with a high sense of professional responsibility
and dedication makes theatre vital and startlingly original.

We do not believe in merely attempting to dazzle our
audience with gimmicks. paradoxes and clever
stylisations.,We would rather work in a straightforward
honest manner. We prefer to rely upon hard work in
producing a play, in getting the best from the actors, in
achieving a high level of dramatic performance-

Act-One has tried different themes, genres and styles,
Yet all the productions have one thing in common - they
all deal with real situations and view man as an integral
part of society. All our productions ultimately repose
faith in humanity, faith in the ability of the people to
create and not destroy. faith in mankind to surpass
barriers which divide.

For us theatre is a continuous process, an unending
movement. We believe that stagnation puts an end to
1/
.
creativity.
i

,
Iरु

l

